<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/openviewer-dev/2008-April/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:openviewer-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpenviewer-dev%5D%20Transition%20to%20Google%20Code&In-Reply-To=%3C351467290804080725s7c5c4524hf58c0999fc2ccd58%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000111.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000113.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code</H1>
    <B>Daedius</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:openviewer-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpenviewer-dev%5D%20Transition%20to%20Google%20Code&In-Reply-To=%3C351467290804080725s7c5c4524hf58c0999fc2ccd58%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code">daedius at daedius.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Apr  8 16:25:51 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000111.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000113.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#112">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#112">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#112">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#112">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Perhaps I am not clear enough in my original email.  This is not a
fork.  If you all could please be on topic, that would be appreciated.
 It would be nice to have a formality of people doing what they say
they intend to do about adding new devs in the OpenSim spirit, but
I've not seen that happen or any discussion of it to happen, and the
way our source code is a limitation to everything related to that.
There are active people who want to do things, and just because a few
people have commit access to one repository doesn't entirely mean the
wheels of progress will stop.

MW, i'm not sure how a google account rules out Google code hosting.
I've made two new accounts just in joining this group for wiki and
berlios.  If creating a new account is going to be keeping a new dev
from working on the project, that sounds like a problem with the dev
more than our system.  Technically, do you have anything against
google code?

Chi11ken, we thank you for your help.  But honostly, you must realize
how we've lost faith in the current arrangement a bit.  Additionally,
this last week we have been focused on getting 3d from ogredotnet to
work on our respective machines, play around with ogre3d, think about
3d could be done, and write tests for your ogredotnet.  That is
probably why you don't see any patches.  Also, you talk about waiting
until the &quot;logistics issues are resolved&quot;, well, this is the
discussion thread to talk about them. Please do.

Lastly, if you all don't believe I wouldn't hand over the reigns of
administration openviewer on Google code you are mistaken.  Please
work with me and see my intention are for the best of the group and
keeping us together.  I know this topic is rough, but I have talked
about it to the active members in IRC for the last week among our
other tasks, hoping that you would have followed up on progressing
this issue ( but have not ).  I am trying to be as humble as possible
and I hope you see that I enjoy working with you all.

- Daedius

On Tue, Apr 8, 2008 at 6:42 AM, Jeff Ames &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">jeffames at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
&gt;<i> Hello,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  I'm sure this is done with the best of intentions.  However, splitting
</I>&gt;<i>  off from the core team, starting your own repository, adding
</I>&gt;<i>  committers, and then emailing the list announcing it and telling the
</I>&gt;<i>  core developers that they should express their opinions on the matter
</I>&gt;<i>  by tomorrow, or else it goes through, is not likely to be received well.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Please note that this change in source repository will not change the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; policy of our group on adding new members to get commit access (in the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; OpenSim tradition).  Additionally, all old members with commit access
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; will get access as members of the Google code group.  Myself, Daedius,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; and D-Font will be administering this google code project and thusly
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; have code access as well unless there is some great outcry against us.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  As MW pointed out, this already breaks the policy of adding new
</I>&gt;<i>  members to the group.  Following this example, anyone who wants access
</I>&gt;<i>  in the future could just clone the repository, add themselves and
</I>&gt;<i>  whoever else they want, and declare that the new official home of
</I>&gt;<i>  OpenViewer.  In essence, you *are* forking the code.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; There are not enough active people to sustain patch inclusion,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; checking, etc.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  I see two open patches in mantis, both of which have been reviewed and
</I>&gt;<i>  are waiting on some kind of issue.  I don't see any that are waiting
</I>&gt;<i>  on a core developer.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  Of course, having more active developers is helpful, and I don't think
</I>&gt;<i>  anyone on this project is averse to accepting more contributors
</I>&gt;<i>  (though of course I speak only for myself).
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  Until the logistic issues are resolved, though, I'd recommend we simply
</I>&gt;<i>  continue with the existing methods of tracking and applying patches.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  Jeff
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  Openviewer-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">Openviewer-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000111.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000113.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#112">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#112">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#112">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#112">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">More information about the Openviewer-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
