<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/openviewer-dev/2008-April/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:openviewer-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpenviewer-dev%5D%20Transition%20to%20Google%20Code&In-Reply-To=%3C687358.82703.qm%40web23004.mail.ird.yahoo.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000118.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000110.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code</H1>
    <B>Michael Wright</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:openviewer-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpenviewer-dev%5D%20Transition%20to%20Google%20Code&In-Reply-To=%3C687358.82703.qm%40web23004.mail.ird.yahoo.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code">michaelwri22 at yahoo.co.uk
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Apr  8 19:24:47 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000118.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000110.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#119">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#119">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#119">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#119">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I think you brought up a very important issue, and thats only a few people are trying to decide where openviewer should go, and too much of that talk is happening on irc, as has been the problem a lot of us haven't had time to be on irc a lot lately. So if more of all this talking happened on this mailing list, it would give everyone a chance to be involved. 

Daedius said in one of his emails, how they had been talking about how things should work, well most of that should be on the mailing list. or at least a summary of what was talked about. 

As for we all being on the same page, in some sense that isn't going to happen completely as we all have different ideas. I think some even have a completely different vision of what the project is about to others. But as long as there is enough in common then we can still work together.

Just what happened was not the way to go about things. 

Deifante Walters &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">deifante at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:  I did want to chime in as well. I want to say that this is not about control, commit access or patches, it is very much about progress and communication. If progress can happen with the current system, I fully support that. If moving to a new server will create progress I'll support that. My biggest concern is stagnation of the project.  Right now I believe that there are people that have a very clear idea of where they want OpenViewer to go. My concern is that I've only heard this from a few people. I feel like there are quite a few people that are passionate about OpenViewer yet I don't have great clarity on what is to be done other than  getting it &quot;done&quot;. I would like all of us that care about the project to be on the same page. How can we do that?
 
I also want to acknowledge that I have not read the proper processes for change. Where can I find these?

On Tue, Apr 8, 2008 at 9:04 AM, Adam Johnson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">adjohn at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
 I completely agree with MW on this one.  I know some of the patches
 going in are a little slow, but we want to take the time to really
 review everything to make sure that everything is of top quality.  We
 are at the very early stages of development in this project, and it's
 building up the core of OpenViewer.  If we rush things in, then we
 will end up doing countless rewrites.   I would like to avoid that as
 much as possible.
 
 As MW said, we were actively working on moving the SVN to it's own set
 of servers, and expanding commit access to some that have shown good
 quality patches.  I will continue to support this specific project,
 and not the google code project, and I hope everyone else can agree
 with that as well.
 

 On Tue, Apr 8, 2008 at 4:07 AM, Michael Wright &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">michaelwri22 at yahoo.co.uk</A>&gt; wrote:
 &gt; Yes we all agreed that openviewer needs to move to a new server and have
 &gt; more commiters and we were actively working towards moving it to a new
 &gt; server.
 &gt;
 &gt; However I'm afraid when a group of people just take it on themselves to move
 &gt; it and set themselves up as the admins of the new project then thats really
 &gt; a fork and thats how I at this time feel about this.
 &gt;
 &gt;
 &gt;
 &gt; Ryan McDougall &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">ryan at 3di.jp</A>&gt; wrote:
 &gt;
 &gt;
 &gt; ----- &quot;Daedius&quot; wrote:
 &gt; &gt; Hello Everyone,
 &gt; &gt;
 &gt; &gt; This mailing list thread is to start discussion on server migration.
 &gt; &gt; We have two problems that are a hindrance to the progression of
 &gt; &gt; OpenViewer, and I speak of them with great humbleness and respect to
 &gt; &gt; the people who have been working on OpenViewer:
 &gt; &gt;
 &gt; &gt; - There are not enough active people to sustain patch inclusion,
 &gt; &gt; checking, etc.
 &gt; &gt; - We cannot easily grow the active people who are committers because
 &gt; &gt; of our connection to opensim (many of our contributors happen to be
 &gt; &gt; coders of both projects)
 &gt; &gt;
 &gt; &gt; The plan D-Font and myself are going to pursue is for the betterment
 &gt; &gt; of our group. We believe that a transition to a new source code
 &gt; &gt; repository location is the answer. We have formed a group on Google
 &gt; &gt; code, which provides free SVN access to groups. There are benefits
 &gt; &gt; and cons to this solution which we will pursue:
 &gt; &gt;
 &gt; &gt; Benefits:
 &gt; &gt; - Non-connection with OpenSim, allowing both projects to add new
 &gt; &gt; members without risk of trashing the others code
 &gt; &gt; - Free hosting for SVN
 &gt; &gt; - Little maintenance for running source code repository
 &gt; &gt; - Many users have gmail accounts or can easily obtain them for use if
 &gt; &gt; they become members
 &gt; &gt; - free source code browsing and search
 &gt; &gt; Cons:
 &gt; &gt; - Only gmail accounts may be used
 &gt; &gt; - Does not provide offerings of git for developers interested ( we
 &gt; &gt; may
 &gt; &gt; have to set this up elsewhere )
 &gt; &gt;
 &gt; &gt; Please note that this change in source repository will not change the
 &gt; &gt; policy of our group on adding new members to get commit access (in
 &gt; &gt; the
 &gt; &gt; OpenSim tradition). Additionally, all old members with commit access
 &gt; &gt; will get access as members of the Google code group. Myself,
 &gt; &gt; Daedius,
 &gt; &gt; and D-Font will be administering this google code project and thusly
 &gt; &gt; have code access as well unless there is some great outcry against
 &gt; &gt; us.
 &gt; &gt;
 &gt; &gt; We will be making the transition after some discussion of SVN
 &gt; &gt; structure layout, and then update the wiki accordingly. If you have
 &gt; &gt; any ideas, objections, praises on this topic, please feel free to
 &gt; &gt; post
 &gt; &gt; them below! This transition will be made on Wednesday, April 9th,
 &gt; &gt; unless we have great objection in the following discussion. If you
 &gt; &gt; are an existing committer, please send either D-Font or myself your
 &gt; &gt; gmail contact information and you will be added promptly. Lastly, if
 &gt; &gt; it is not blatantly clear, this is not an effort to fork openviewer.
 &gt; &gt; Our unity is one of our greatest strengths. Thanks and happy coding!
 &gt; &gt;
 &gt; &gt; - Daedius
 &gt;
 &gt; For my own 2-cents, I can say that I feel that every new project lives and
 &gt; dies by its active developers, and that if OpenViewer wants to live, it
 &gt; needs to be more open to accepting more contributors.
 &gt;
 &gt; Cheers,
 &gt;
 &gt; _______________________________________________
 &gt; Openviewer-dev mailing list
 &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">Openviewer-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
 &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev</A>
 &gt;
 &gt;
 &gt;
 &gt; ________________________________
 &gt; Yahoo! for Good helps you make a difference
 &gt;
 &gt;
 &gt; _______________________________________________
 &gt; Openviewer-dev mailing list
 &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">Openviewer-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
 &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev</A>
 &gt;
 &gt;
 _______________________________________________
 Openviewer-dev mailing list
 <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">Openviewer-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
 <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev</A>
 



 _______________________________________________
Openviewer-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">Openviewer-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev</A>


       
---------------------------------
 Yahoo! for Good helps you make a difference
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/openviewer-dev/attachments/20080408/f8ad0eef/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/openviewer-dev/attachments/20080408/f8ad0eef/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000118.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000110.html">[Openviewer-dev] Transition to Google Code
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#119">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#119">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#119">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#119">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/openviewer-dev">More information about the Openviewer-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
